those knives we must have in the kitchen
today I will answer this question and
show you what I use most
often as you can see I love
Japanese knives especially for the high
quality they give me let's
start by looking at the knives I
use most in the kitchen one by one let's start  from
na tira which is a typical Japanese t-shirt
used for carving and
cutting vegetables
we move on to santoku I feel with a
Japanese name it means from the three
applications in fact it
was originally used for meat, fish
and vegetables you can understand that it is a  can
do everything so it is extremely
versatile as you can see the santoku is
different from the matiri because
first of all at the tip and it is slightly
longer at the slightly longer blade I
personally find it better to
use the santoku when I have to
work a lot and therefore need a
little  of extra weight
this is a slightly heavier knife and
therefore I can use less
wrist strength. Another knife to have
but not essential is the fillet knife.
I personally chose
this blade because it is flexible but at the
same time it is not a  filleted
solely dedicated to this function I
chose it for multipurpose because it is both
flexible and slightly rigid so
it is excellent for peeling it is excellent for
filleting when I peel the tomato
for sushi and weights
the last type of knife to have
absolutely and no less important are
the cutters  the ballots are small
and extremely sharp so be careful
with your fingers and especially under your nails in
fact I often use this knife to
peel to be able to
cut the vegetables for example when
we have to make a stuffed chilli pepper
we have to cut it and then turn it and
these are the  knives most suitable for
this function he showed me some
of the knives I use and they are the ones I
use the most,
however to answer the
initial question which is the most
important knife in the kitchen in the end
I will tell you one thing all you need is one
and a quality one with  the possibility of
using it in different ways
in this case I will show you the last
knife which is the knife I am
most fond of and it is a
French school knife it is greased and this
is the typical chef's knife as you can see it
is a forged one therefore  it is a single piece that is
quite heavier on the heel and with
a knife of this type you can do
anything from spiking to mincing
to cutting chiffon to anything
so it is the one I recommend
most especially for those who have to
start now if you want to deepen
the techniques  of cutting you can go and
look at the box below in which I
will put the link and if you have any
kind of question you can also write
to us at our email or even a comment
below